翻译自定义材质 (#1685)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/ui-system/components/engine/ui-material.md

! [UIMaterial](ui-material/UIMaterial.png)

The usage is no different from other built-in materials, just drag and drop the material to be used into the **CustomMaterial** property box, but there are some points to note as follows:

1. When no custom material is specified, the built-in material will be used for rendering, please refer to the [Sprite Component Reference](../editor/sprite.md) documentation.
2. 2D rendering objects do not support multiple materials, the maximum number of custom materials is one.
3. Please use a 2D-specific shader such as **builtin-spine** or **builtin-sprite** to customize materials, do not choose a shader used by other 3D components.
4. The **Grayscale** property on the panel is disabled when a custom material for 2D rendering objects is used, and the user can choose to implement this feature in the material itself.
5. When a custom material is used, the BlendFactor settings panel on the component will be automatically hidden and the settings will be disabled, and the BlendFactor will be based on the settings in the custom material.

> 6. When a custom material is used, the depth detection information of the component will be based on the material. If you want to achieve occlusion with 3D objects, please use custom materials and turn on depth detection. See the example [2d-rendering-in-3d](https://github.com/cocos-creator/test-cases-3d/tree/v3.0/assets/cases/2d-rendering-in-3d).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. When a custom material is used, the depth detection information of the component will be based on the material. To achieve occlusion with 3D objects, please use custom materials and turn on depth detection. See the example [2d-rendering-in-3d](https://github.com/cocos-creator/test-cases-3d/tree/v3.0/assets/cases/2d-rendering-in-3d).
```

    ![dissolve](ui-material/dissolve.png)

> 8. If the user wants to assign a `uniform` to a custom material, he can do so by getting the customMaterial on the 2D rendered component. We provide different interfaces to handle different cases of operations, as shown in the following code: (using Sprite as an example) **(please be sure to read the annotations of the different interfaces!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. If the user wants to assign a `uniform` to a custom material, he can do so by getting the customMaterial on the 2D rendered component. Different interfaces are provided to handle different cases of operations, as shown in the following code: (using Sprite as an example) **(please be sure to read the annotations of the different interfaces!)**
```

> 8. If the user wants to assign a `uniform` to a custom material, he can do so by getting the customMaterial on the 2D rendered component. Different interfaces are provided to handle different cases of operations, as shown in the following code: (using Sprite as an example) **(please be sure to read the annotations of the different interfaces!)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. If the user wants to assign a `uniform` to a custom material, it can be done by getting the customMaterial on the 2D renderer component. Creator provides different interfaces for different cases, see the following example code for Sprite:
```

    ```ts
    let spriteComp = this.node.getComponent(Sprite);
    // The sharedMaterial method is a "shared material asset", and operations performed on the material will affect all rendering objects that use the material, this operation will not instantiate the asset and will not affect the batch
    let material = spriteComp.sharedMaterial;

    // The material method gets the "example material used by the current rendering component", and operations on the Material Instance will only affect the current component, this operation will instantiate the asset, and once instantiated, this component cannot be combined with other components
    let materialInstance = spriteComp.material;

>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ```

> **Note**: please be sure to read the annotations of the different interfaces!
```

    ![dissolve](ui-material/dissolve.png)

8. If the user wants to assign a `uniform` to a custom material, it can be done by getting the customMaterial on the 2D renderer component. Creator provides different interfaces for different cases, see the following example code for Sprite:

    ```ts
    let spriteComp = this.node.getComponent(Sprite);
    // The sharedMaterial method is a "shared material asset", and operations performed on the material will affect all rendering objects that use the material, this operation will not instantiate the asset and will not affect the batch
    let material = spriteComp.sharedMaterial;

    // The material method gets the "example material used by the current rendering component", and operations on the Material Instance will only affect the current component, this operation will instantiate the asset, and once instantiated, this component cannot be combined with other components
    let materialInstance = spriteComp.material;
    ```

> > **Note**: please be sure to read the annotations of the different interfaces!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > **Note**: please be sure to read the annotations of the different interfaces!
```
